<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
<title>Kaplan &#38; Sadock&#8217;s Study Guide and Self-Examination Review in Psychiatry, 10th edition</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../assets/css/style.css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="chapter" title="Copyright Page">
<div id="main_container">
<a id="pageiv"></a>
<p class="ucrt1"><em>Acquisitions Editor:</em> Chris Teja</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Development Editor:</em> Ariel S. Winter</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Editorial Coordinator:</em> Sean Hanrahan</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Editorial Assistant:</em> Kristen Kardoley</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Marketing Manager:</em> Kirsten Watrud</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Production Project Manager:</em> Matt West</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Manager, Graphic Arts &#x0026; Design:</em> Stephen Druding</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Manufacturing Coordinator:</em> Beth Welsh</p>
<p class="ucrt"><em>Prepress Vendor:</em> Aptara, Inc.</p>
<p class="ucrt1">10th edition</p>
<p class="ucrt1">Copyright &#x00A9; 2024 Wolters Kluwer.</p>
<p class="ucrt1"><strong>&#x00A9; 2011 by LIPPINCOTT WILLIAMS &#x0026; WILKINS, a WOLTERS KLUWER business</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt"><strong>&#x00A9; 2007, 2003 by LIPPINCOTT WILLIAMS &#x0026; WILKINS</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt"><strong>Two Commerce Square</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt"><strong>2001 Market Street</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt"><strong>Philadelphia, PA 19103 USA</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt"><strong><a href="http://LWW.com">LWW.com</a></strong></p>
<p class="ucrt1">All rights reserved. This book is protected by copyright. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including as photocopies or scanned-in or other electronic copies, or utilized by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the copyright owner, except for brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. Materials appearing in this book prepared by individuals as part of their official duties as U.S. government employees are not covered by the above-mentioned copyright. To request permission, please contact Wolters Kluwer at Two Commerce Square, 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103, via email at <a href="mailto:permissions@lww.com">permissions@lww.com</a>, or via our website at <a href="http://shop.lww.com">shop.lww.com</a> (products and services).</p>
<p class="ucrt1">9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1</p>
<p class="ucrt1">Printed in Singapore</p>
<p class="ucrt2"><strong>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data available upon request.</strong></p>
<p class="ucrt3">978-1-9751-9911-1</p>
<p class="ucrt1">This work is provided &#x201C;as is,&#x201D; and the publisher disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties as to accuracy, comprehensiveness, or currency of the content of this work.</p>
<p class="ucrt">&#160;&#160;&#160;This work is no substitute for individual patient assessment based upon healthcare professionals&#x2019; examination of each patient and consideration of, among other things, age, weight, gender, current or prior medical conditions, medication history, laboratory data and other factors unique to the patient. The publisher does not provide medical advice or guidance and this work is merely a reference tool. Healthcare professionals, and not the publisher, are solely responsible for the use of this work including all medical judgments and for any resulting diagnosis and treatments.</p>
<p class="ucrt">&#160;&#160;&#160;Given continuous, rapid advances in medical science and health information, independent professional verification of medical diagnoses, indications, appropriate pharmaceutical selections and dosages, and treatment options should be made and healthcare professionals should consult a variety of sources. When prescribing medication, healthcare professionals are advised to consult the product information sheet (the manufacturer&#x2019;s package insert) accompanying each drug to verify, among other things, conditions of use, warnings and side effects and identify any changes in dosage schedule or contraindications, particularly if the medication to be administered is new, infrequently used or has a narrow therapeutic range. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, no responsibility is assumed by the publisher for any injury and/or damage to persons or property, as a matter of products liability, negligence law or otherwise, or from any reference to or use by any person of this work.</p>
<p class="ucrtc"><a href="http://shop.lww.com">shop.lww.com</a></p>
</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>